
https://codepen.io/KRidley/pen/XWmWGJv?editors=1100


    1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML is making HTML legible to humans.
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used for structuring a website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute gives additional information about HTML elements. It is put into a tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The h1 tag is usually used for indicating the title. You should only use it once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes img, a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The head tag should include metadata that specifies the HTML document.
    7. What is an id? An id is an attribute that should only be used once for the element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any, but it should be a specific item in the page.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once
    10. What is a class? A class is used to determine CSS styles that you want to use for multiple elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any, as long as they're going to be similar in the page.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many times as you need.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? make sure it's in an anchor element and the link is in a href attribute.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? It is used if the image cannot be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id? You would reference an id in CSS with a #.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A section is more semantic than a div.
    17. What is CSS used for? Styling the HTML.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page I'm assuming this is asking about selecting for CSS styling, which would be just "h2 { }".
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one A class is used to style multiple elements in the same manner. An id is used to style one specific element. You would use a class when you want to style a few paragraphs of text and an id when you want to style a specific image on a page with multiple images that are nested in classes.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? We select classes in CSS with a period then the class. ex. ".class"
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? If this means a p element such as "<p class="human"></p>" then it would be ".human" in CSS. If this means a p nested in an element with the class of "human" it would be ".human p { }"
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A parent child selector helps select a first or last element in a group of nested elements. This would be useful when applying styles to the last element in a databse that is constantly increasing or decreasing.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? To style the links with CSS you would put ".sidebar" in CSS.
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A pseudo selector is used to style an element when it has been treated differently by the user.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height: 1.3;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing: 5px; in CSS
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? CAPITALS is text-transform: uppercase; ..... lowercase is text-transform: lowercase; ..... Capitalize is text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div { border: 1px dotted black; }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? Can hold shift and pan over the text with arrow keys or hold right click and pan over text.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?  pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?  rm file.js, this will remove the file from the computer and will not put it in the trashcan.
    34. Why should I use version control? It keeps the live version of the page as bug free as possible.
    35. How often should I commit to github? About every half an hour.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push origin firstname-lastname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 1 You have to fork the work in GitHub. 2 Add the PM as a collaborator. 3 Clone the work into Git. 4 Add your own branch. 5 Open in editor. 6 Add name in README. 7 Add files. 8 Commit work. 9 Push to own branch. 10 Create Pull Request to own fork and add PM. 11 Submit Pull request with comment.
